Add guideline for namespace documentation (#19962)
mdn/browser-compat-data: docs/data-guidelines/api.md

This guideline was proposed in [#8929](https://github.com/mdn/browser-compat-data/issues/8929), based in part on previous discussion in [#472](https://github.com/mdn/browser-compat-data/issues/472).

## Namespaces

> [Namespaces](https://webidl.spec.whatwg.org/#idl-namespaces) in Web IDL are similar to interfaces. A namespace should only be documented in BCD if it contains properties or methods that would normally be documented. For example, the `console` namespace contains several properties and methods, so it should be documented in BCD. The `GPUBufferUsage` namespace only contains constants, which should not be documented in BCD; thus, the `GPUBufferUsage` namespace should not be documented.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Namespaces](https://webidl.spec.whatwg.org/#idl-namespaces) in Web IDL are similar to interfaces. A namespace should only be documented in BCD if it contains properties or functions that would normally be documented. For example, the `console` namespace contains many functions, so it should be documented in BCD. The `GPUBufferUsage` namespace only contains constants, which should not be documented in BCD; thus, the `GPUBufferUsage` namespace should not be documented.
```
